	Your bed hasn't been this comfy in a very long time.  Your covers wrap you 
tight with just the right amount of snug.  The cozy warmth permeates you at just 
the right temperature.  You are lost in dreams so pleasant you've got a silly grin
plastered on your unconscious face.  Perhaps you've just won the lottery or are 
soaring above beautiful scenery, or maybe your dreams have drifted to other, more
carnal, topics.

	You are jarred awake by sudden chaos.  Your bed rocks back and forth as if
caught in an earthquake.  Your cellphone vibrates so violently it is flung off 
your night stand blaring four of your favorite ringtones simultaneously.  Your 
dresser drawers alternately slam in and out.  Your knick-knacks and trinkets shake
and topple off of their various surfaces to bounce off the floor and ricochet off
the wall.  An old pair of sunglasses that you swore had been left at a restaurant 
ages ago whisk by your head.  Finally, your attention is drawn to the craziest 
sight in the room.  A bright light shines from behind your bedroom door with small
bolts of static arcing into thin air at random intervals.  

	You let out a yelp of surprise as the door opens.  You see what has been 
causing the light and electricity.  There in front of your eyes is a portal, a 
bright hovering oval that looks into an old stone building with a dark blue and 
silver banner hanging on the wall in your view.  The white light from before is a 
ribbon of energy surrounding the portal that rotates continuously, setting off 
sparks from time to time.  You almost don't notice when everything goes still and 
quiet except for a soft hum generated by the portal.  It sits there clearly 
waiting for you.  You slip off the edge of your bed and step lightly as you 
cautiously approach the mystifying event.  
     
	You gaze into the portal and see that it opens into a hallway, empty 
except for banners spaced evenly along the walls.  You can see now that there is 
an emblem of a silver and black dragon adorning them.  You also see that the hall 
opens up to a larger chamber at the end, but what is in that room, you can not 
tell from here.
     
	The portal waits for you.
