

Chosen: Step into the portal.

You cautiously reach out and let your hand pass through to the hallway on the other side.  You feel no pain or amazing shock.  You only feel that it is cooler in the hallway than it is in your room.  You decide that being in your pajamas might not be the best way to explore another world.  You throw on a red t-shirt, pair of blue jeans and your most comfortable pair of tennis shoes.  Finally you don a jacket to keep warm in the new environment.  

You return to the portal, still sitting there humming patiently.  This time you slide your whole right arm in slowly, followed by your head.  You mistakenly think that there may be a wall to hold onto behind the portal.  Instead your hand grabs air, you lose your balance and tumble the rest of the way into the hall.  

You sit up and look back at the portal hovering behind you.  You see your bedroom looking like a tornado had struck it.  There is an odd disconnect as the portal levitates approximately two feet from an empty wall.  The rotating oval then begins to shrink.

"No!"  You shout as you begin to panic.  

It is too late, the only known means of returning home just vanished before your eyes.  You stand up and brush yourself off.  You look to the end of the hallway and grit your teeth.  The only way now is forward.  

You walk cautiously down the hall, stepping lightly to make as little sound as possible.  You stop briefly to closely admire the intricate work of the dark blue banners adorned with the silver and black dragon emblem, then continue on your way.  As you near the end you slide up against the wall in order to stealthily peek around the corner.

You gasp audibly.

Before your eyes sits, or rather lays, a dragon.  The dragon is mostly black with dark grey and silver scales in patches along its back and legs.  Two pairs of dark blue, twisted horns protrude from a head that closely resembles a Tyrannosaurus.  It appears to be asleep, eyes closed and panting in long deep breaths.  You stand there in awe, eyes wide and mouth agape.  You're too afraid to even breathe.

Then it opens its eyes and sits up.  The lizard eyes are bright blue and seemingly pierce into your soul.

"Greetings, traveler," the dragon's booming voice echoes in the stone chamber, reverberates within your chest and stings your ears a bit.

You jump and prepare to run back down the hall.  You figure that even if the hall doesn't go anywhere, it won't be able to fit if it tries to eat you.

"Fear not," he continues, "I did not invite you to this realm to devour you."

"Did you just read my mind?"  You ask.

"I have many powers and abilities, most of which you are incapable of comprehending.  The ability to read minds is not one of them, however.  It doesn't take a mind reader to see you quivering in terror.  I'm assuming you don't meet many dragons in your realm?"  His chuckle echoes off the stone walls and drums inside your ears.

"Where am I?" You ask.

"First, I believe introductions are in order.  My name is  Maelstrom. By what name do you go by?"