	"Oh sorry," you apologize, "I'm #fn# #ln#."

	"Pleased to meet you, #fn# #ln#," Maelstrom replies, "Now on to the state 
of this realm.  Things have become most dire."

	"Two centuries ago," he continues, "the Golem Wars ended.  There was much 
rejoicing as the Wretched Wizard Kathemir had been killed in battle by my 
champion, which ended much suffering and brought an era of peace.  My champion 
also died defending the people he loved and became an inspiration to all.  
However, there was a lingering shadow.  Someone has been perverting magic, we do 
not know who, although we believe the first was an acolyte of Kathemir, a student 
who then took on students of their own.  They have thwarted all of the Dragon's 
attempts at identification, which is the most puzzling.  All magic in this realm 
flows from Dragons, and none can use magic in ways that are forbidden, as the 
Dragon whose magic is being used can detect it straight away and put a stop to 
it."

	"If you can't detect when they use magic, or who they are, how do you know
anyone is perverting your magic?" you wonder aloud.

	"Indeed, we have heard mostly rumors, but there have been unnatural 
plagues that have wiped out entire villages, creatures who have been modified, 
grown in size and strength and released upon unsuspecting populaces to terrorize 
them.  The tales have been few and far between until the last year.  We now have 
lost an entire city, perhaps to plague, but none of the Dragon's can detec the 
people or creatures who once lived there.  There are also rumors of suspicious 
actors inquiring about the Old Relics.  Powerful weapons and artifacts that were 
once imbued with immensely powerful magic, but hidden away so as to never again 
cause the destruction or to threaten our way of life as they did eons ago.  You 
alone have ben chosen to aid our realm, as you possess a singular ability that can
not be found anywhere within our realm.  That and your language also appears to 
have evolved along similars lines as the common language spoken in this realm as 
well," the Dragon once again giving a throaty, thundering chuckle.

	"I think you must be mistaken, I don't have any special abilities," you 
insist.

	"#fn# #ln#, you do indeed have a great ability, I can see it within you, 
as surely as I see these stone walls," Maelstrom replies.

	"What can I do with this ability?" you ask.

	"I cannot tell you.  Undetectable magic could be in use at this moment to 
listen in to our conversation.  It is risky enough for me to tell you as much as I
have."
